Guess the Memory Limit
Chef has designed a program but has forgotten the memory limits that he is allowed to consume on his system.

There is a limit of L bytes of memory that Chef's program can consume on Chef's computer.

If Chef's program attempts to use more than L bytes then it will result in segmentation fault.

Fortunately he has designed his program in such a manner that given an integer M, the program will consume exactly M bytes of memory. (Chef can change this number M at will and run the program).

Help Chef in finding the memory limit of the program.

It is guaranteed that the memory limit is strictly less than 1 billion bytes or 1 giga byte and at least 1.

You are given a function run_program(m) that will return true if the program ran properly while consuming exactly m bytes of memory, and false if it receives segmentation fault, i.e. the program used too much memory.

Help Chef in writing a program that does not take more than 31 tries to figure out the memory limit.

You are given a solution template.

You can use the function run_program(x) to determine whether x bytes are allowed or not.

Find the memory limit L. You cannot call run_program more than 31 times in your code, if you do so you will receive a "Wrong Answer" verdict.

Instructions
Follow the solution template. Copy paste the same code in your computer and complete the function find_memory_limit.

Do not make any changes to the other part of the code given in the solution template.

Local Testing
Local Tester is a python program where you will find an empty function find_memory_limit, fill in your solution here and run this program as you would normally run a python program in your computer.

The given tester generates random arrays, you can play around with them or give specific values to test your code locally.

Constraints
1≤L≤109−1
Sample Solution
Sample Solution

Explanation
In the sample solution, we run the program for all possible memory limits starting from 1. If the smallest number for which the program failed is x then x−1 must be the memory limit.

However the program receives Wrong Answer because it calls runprogram too many times. For example if the memory limit L=33 bytes, then it will call the function 32 times, however you are allowed to run it only 31 times.