A power B
You are given a function add(a, b) that computes the value of a+bmodm, i.e the remainder when a+b is divided by the number m.

You do not know the value of m. It is guaranteed that the hidden number m is between 1 and 109 (inclusive).

Complete the function power(a, b) that should compute the value of abmodm, i.e. the remainder when ab is divided by the number m using the given function add(a, b).

You cannot call the function add(a, b) more than 104 times in your code.

Whenever you call the function add(a, b), both the arguments, a,b must be less than 109
Refer the given solution template, and fill in the function power(a, b).

Bonus (If you have solved the problem and would like a better challenge)
It is possible to figure out the value of m, can you write a program that does not take more than lgm calls to the function in order to calculate m?

Can you think of ways to calculate ab using less than a∗b queries without calculating the value of m?

Instructions
Refer the given solution template, and fill in the function power(a, b), do not modify any of the functions given there. Use the function add(a, b) to perform addition modulo m.

You have to implement the function pwr(a, b) using the function add(a, b)

Constraints
1≤b≤100
1≤a≤100
1≤m≤109 (the hidden number)

0≤ arguments of the function add ≤109, i.e whenever you call the function, the values of the arguments should be between 0 and 109 (inclusive).

Sample Solution
sample solution.

Local Tester
Local Tester is a python program that you can use to test your program locally.

Copy your function and replace it with the empty one declared in the tester and run it on your computer as you would run any python program.

Explanation
The given sample solution shows how you can utilise the add function to compute 2amodm using 1 call to the given add function. It is given only to demonstrate how to use the function addto compute other functions.

Judging
If the output of the function is not correct, or you called the add function more than 104 times then you will receive a wrong answer.